> "So, my server is running. Now how do I make a leaderboard?"
> - You (probably)

You may have noticed that when you start your server, it says `CLI launched, type 'help' for a list of commands`. CLI stands for "Command Line Interface", its basically a way to interface with your server from the command line. You can type `help` for a full list of commands. The commands are listed in more detail [here](./commands.md).

## Creating a Leaderboard
One RankSwift server can host multiple leaderboards, so we'll need to explicitly create one. Just run the command `new_board <board_name>` to create a board with the name `<board_name>`. Do note that you can't use spaces in the board name, instead use characters like `_` or `-`. For example, if I wanted to make a time played leaderboard, I'd run `new_board time-played`. To perform any operations on leaderboards, you need to set the current leaderboard. To do this, run the command `board <board_name>`. Here, that would be `board time-played`. You can run the command `board` to see what the current board is, and you can run `boards` to get a list of all leaderboards you have.

## Configuring Your Board
There's a few things you might want to do with your brand new leaderboard. One of which is set a cap on the number of entries it can hold. This is helpful to just make sure that you don't use up too much RAM or overload your server. If you add an entry to the leaderboard, but that puts the number of entries in the leaderboard over the cap, it will remove the last entry in the board. That way, it will keep all the most relevant information (the top people) without you having to risk it all taking up too much space. If you want to know what to set the board cap to, go to the [stress testing](./stress-testing.md) page. Generally, the answer is about 10 million. To actually set the cap, run the command `cap <max_entries>`, for example `cap 10000000`. You can check what the current cap is by running the command `cap`. You can also remove the cap by running `cap -1`. By default, all boards have no cap, meaning there is no limit on the number of entries in it.

Just as you might want to put a cap on the number of entries, you may also want to specify a cutoff. If you specify a cutoff of, say, 1000, then no entry can be added to the board with less than 1000 points -- everything in the leaderboard will have at least 1000 points. This is helpful to weed out any players that may have joined your game once or twice and then never touched it again -- players who probably wouldn't be motivated much by a leaderboard anyway. You can set the cutoff by running the command `cutoff <minimum_value>`. Similarly, you can run the command `cutoff` to view the current cutoff, and `rem_cutoff` to remove the current cutoff, allowing any value to be in the leaderboard. By default, there is no cutoff.

## Adding an Access Key
If you want to access your leaderboard from Roblox, a website, or anything outside your CLI, you will need an **Access Key**. Access Keys are like that personal access token you had to make for github, or like a password you use to log into something. It is included in requests to your board server to verify that you really do have permission to do what you're wanting to do. To create a key, you'll want to run the command `new_key <key> <write y/n>`. The key parameter should be secure and hard to guess, like a password. You may benefit from just using a randomly generated string of letters and symbols. The write parameter should either be "y" or "n" depending on if you want the key to have write access. If you specify "y", then the key will be able to update and delete entries as well as read entries such as the top x users or the rank of a specific user. If you specify "n", then the key will not be able to update or delete entries, it will only be able to read entries. Generally speaking, youll want to use a key with write access for your game servers, and a key without write access for things like websites used to view your leaderboard, if you decide to make one. You can get a list of keys you've created on the current board with the command `keys`. You can view a list of keys on ALL boards with the command `all_keys`. You can delete a key, revoking access, with the command `del_key <key>`. You can also update whether or not a key has write access with the command `set_write <key> <write y/n>`.

## Configuring Global Settings/Your Server
You may want to configure your server or some global settings. To learn about how to do this, go to the [server configuration](./configuration.md) page.